Developers/Modules Docs: Mention how testdatasets should be referred to (#876)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/developers/adding_modules.md

We also use a standardised parameter called `params.publish_dir_mode` that can be used to alter the file publishing method (default: `copy`).

### Test data config file

If a new test dataset is added to [`tests/config/test_data.config`](https://github.com/nf-core/modules/blob/master/tests/config/test_data.config), check that the config name of the added file(s) follows the scheme of the entire file name with dots replaced with underscores.

> For example: the nf-core/testsdatasets file `genomics/sarscov2/genome/genome.fasta` labeled as `genome_fasta`, or `genomics/sarscov2/genome/genome.fasta.fai` as `genome_fasta_fai`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example: the nf-core/test-datasets file `genomics/sarscov2/genome/genome.fasta` labelled as `genome_fasta`, or `genomics/sarscov2/genome/genome.fasta.fai` as `genome_fasta_fai`.
```
